MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Ina (Yina) Tang

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.



Jekyll (https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll) by Tom Preston-Werner and Jekyll 
contributors and Lanyon (https://github.com/poole/lanyon) by Mark Otto are 
licensed under the MIT License. 

Copyright (c) 2008-present Tom Preston-Werner and Jekyll contributors. 
Copyright (c) 2014 Mark Otto.


Philosopher (https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Philosopher) by Jovanny Lemonad
and The Philosopher Project Authors, Charis SIL (https://github.com/silnrsi/
font-charis) by SIL International, and Fira Code (https://github.com/tonsky/Fi
raCode) by The Fira Code Project Authors are licensed under the SIL OPEN FONT 
LICENSE Version 1.1(http://scripts.sil.org/OFL). 

Copyright 2011 The Philosopher Project Authors (lemonad@jovanny.ru)
Copyright (c) 1997-2022 SIL International (http://www.sil.org/) with Reserved 
Font Names "Charis" and "SIL".
Copyright (c) 2014, The Fira Code Project Authors (https://github.com/tonsky/F
iraCode).  


